all: phony
build/pandoc-lua-filters/include-files/include-files.lua: ghq
build/ninja/ninja-rules-output.txt: mask-stdout-tee
build/ninja/ninja-targets-output.txt: mask-stdout-tee
build/ninja/ninja.graph.dot: mask-tee
build/ninja/ninja.graph.png: mask
build/temp/README.md: copy_alternate
build/README.TOC/README.TOC.md: github-markdown-toc
README-template: phony
build/starship-init-powershell-profile-output.txt: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-init-powershell-profile-content-output.ps1: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-config-name-output.txt: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-config-content.toml: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-prompt-output.png: mask-screenshot
build/starship-explain-output.png: mask-screenshot
build/starship-timings-output.png: mask-screenshot
build/starship-init-bash-output.sh: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-init-zsh-output.sh: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-init-fish-output.sh: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-init-powershell-output.ps1: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-init-ion-output.ion: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-module-list-output.txt: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-module-username-output.png: mask-screenshot
build/starship-module-directory-output.png: mask-screenshot
build/starship-module-git_branch-output.png: mask-screenshot
build/starship-module-git_commit-output.png: mask-screenshot
build/starship-module-git_status-output.png: mask-screenshot
build/starship-module-python-output.png: mask-screenshot
build/starship-module-cmd_durations-output.png: mask-screenshot
build/starship-module-jobs-output.png: mask-screenshot
build/starship-module-battery-output.png: mask-screenshot
build/starship-module-time-output.png: mask-screenshot
build/starship-module-status-output.png: mask-screenshot
build/starship-module-character-output.png: mask-screenshot
build/starship-session-output.txt: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-help-output.txt: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-completions-help-output.txt: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-config-help-output.txt: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-explain-help-output.txt: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-init-help-output.txt: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-module-help-outout.txt: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-prompt-help-outout.txt: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-session-help-outout.txt: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-timings-help-outout.txt: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-completions-zsh-output.sh: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-completions-bash-output.sh: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-completions-fish-output.sh: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-completions-powershell-output.sh: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-completions-elvish-output.sh: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-init-bash-full-output.sh: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-init-zsh-full-output.sh: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-init-fish-full-output.sh: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-init-powershell-full-output.ps1: mask-stdout-tee
build/starship-init-ion-full-output.ion: mask-stdout-tee
README-custom: phony
README.md: pandocomatic
