all: phony
build/pandoc-lua-filters/include-files/include-files.lua: ghq
build/ninja/ninja-rules-output.txt: mask-stdout-tee
build/ninja/ninja-targets-output.txt: mask-stdout-tee
build/ninja/ninja.graph.dot: mask-tee
build/ninja/ninja.graph.png: mask
build/temp/README.md: copy_alternate
build/README.TOC/README.TOC.md: github-markdown-toc
README-template: phony
build/crystal-env-output.txt: mask-tee
build/crystal-eval-output.txt: mask-tee
build/run-hello-world-output.txt: mask-tee
build/build-hello-world-output.txt: mask-tee
build/hello-world-output.txt: mask-tee
build/crystal-tool-types-output.txt: mask-tee
build/crystal-tool-hierarchy-output.png: mask-screenshot
build/crystal-version-output.txt: mask-tee
build/crystal-help-output.txt: mask-tee
build/crystal-init-help-output.txt: mask-tee
build/crystal-build-help-output.txt: mask-tee
build/crystal-docs-help-output.txt: mask-tee
build/crystal-env-help-output.txt: mask-tee
build/crystal-eval-help-output.txt: mask-tee
build/crystal-play-help-output.txt: mask-tee
build/crystal-run-help-output.txt: mask-tee
build/crystal-spec-help-output.txt: mask-tee
build/crystal-tool-help-output.txt: mask-tee
build/crystal-tool-context-help-output.txt: mask-tee
build/crystal-tool-expand-help-output.txt: mask-tee
build/crystal-tool-format-help-output.txt: mask-tee
build/crystal-tool-hierarchy-help-output.txt: mask-tee
build/crystal-tool-implementations-help-output.txt: mask-tee
build/crystal-tool-types-help-output.txt: mask-tee
README-custom: phony
README.md: pandocomatic
