all: phony
build/pandoc-lua-filters/include-files/include-files.lua: ghq
build/ninja/ninja-rules-output.txt: mask-stdout-tee
build/ninja/ninja-targets-output.txt: mask-stdout-tee
build/ninja/ninja.graph.dot: mask-tee
build/ninja/ninja.graph.png: mask
build/temp/README.md: copy_alternate
build/README.TOC/README.TOC.md: github-markdown-toc
README-template: phony
build/rebar3-path-output.txt: mask-ansifilter
build/rebar3-tree-output.txt: mask-ansifilter
build/rebar3-get-deps-output.txt: mask-ansifilter
build/rebar3-release-all-output.txt: mask-ansifilter
build/rebar3-report-output.txt: mask-ansifilter
build/rebar3-new-help-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-new-help-app-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-new-help-cmake-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-new-help-escript-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-new-help-lib-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-new-help-plugin-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-new-help-release-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-new-help-umbrella-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-version-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-as-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-clean-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-compile-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-cover-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-ct-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-deps-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-dialyzer-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-do-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-edoc-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-escriptize-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-eunit-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-get-deps-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-help-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-new-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-path-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-pkgs-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-release-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-relup-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-report-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-shell-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-tar-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-tree-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-unlock-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-update-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-upgrade-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-version-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-xref-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-local-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-local-install-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-local-upgrade-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-plugins-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-plugins-list-output.txt: mask-tee
build/rebar3-help-plugins-upgrade-output.txt: mask-tee
README-custom: phony
README.md: pandocomatic
